add podDisruptive to traitdefinition (#1192)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/cue/trait.md

              "/api": 8080
```

> When we deploy/upgrade an Application, some field of trait changed will cause the pod to restart, We should add `podDisruptive`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we deploy/upgrade an Application, if changes on some field of a trait will cause the pod to restart, We should add `podDisruptive`
```
